Update docs (#117)
makinacorpus/DbToolsBundle: docs/content/anonymization/custom-anonymizers.md

with the [*Anonymizer paths* configuration](../configuration#anonymizer-paths).
:::

::: tip

> To generate its update queries, the *DbToolsBundle* use the ***php-query-builder***.

Author: ```suggestion
To generate its update queries, the *DbToolsBundle* uses the *[makinacorpus/query-builder-bundle](https://github.com/makinacorpus/query-builder-bundle) package*.
```
